Hi guys, I'm here today to show
For you, the closet I made for me.
I moved to a house and I always
I dreamed of having a closet.
but here in this house would not have like me
I have a joy
so I decided to adapt with goals from within
from my bedroom
ah and how everyone knows that's right I am
architecture student then I
I decided to optimize the price since
a change is generated many expenses are
my bid could be cheaper but
then I think you guys because I could
to always have cheaper is good then
come on
well here I bought the area
It's what's on the wall here.
she is found far away from Utah and
it cost 28 reais
I bought the ox
I bought two and she can handle 80
kilos is in my clothes and I bought it in the store
call her today in our downtown area
of the city that of the river cost 28 as already
He said the store is molezão that store it
It's several places in Tata in New
Do you have any madresira market?
there in the room there are several places there in the blog
I leave the link for you is good for the
today because it also sells over the internet and
It has various types of HARAWA goes out of his
choice is the one I wanted to sea the exact same
has the larva tepa engage from a wall
to another and I'm there the good is that
the male I did a shoe rack there's like
if it was a shoe case and I did
with the dog and the fair
okay these cost 10 real dogs
each one
I painted it here, there are eight crates in it.
38 packages then spoke 80 reais these
Crate is and I tried but the company
Ink will try but I bought a gallon
get a little more expensive that I'm going to use
This one could do other things then.
and I could have bought an ink
smaller
who wants to buy this dog already made
sanded with termite medicine and painted
any color you like
the store sells ready it costs 30 reais
more or less expensive crate already prepared
I bought dengue can
but whoever is from the river can
cadeg 11 asa taka shoot I'll make myself count
of this box places that sell
fruits vegetables these things in large
scale
I'm 80's father here.
the most expensive part of my other mine
closet was the one from here that I
I bought but I did not open an account.
I wanted the taste I
I wanted to, it cost me 500 reais, that rope.
in the saints club here on the river the tension in the
club behind norteshopping ta
then I leave today and all the links of
of the nuts is that I bought and everything else
It's in the blog , what's going on ?
I researched two snakes this way from here
had seen that she had a point of
glass and had partition here in the first
drawer
I searched for a round in the store off of
date the bell
it's on today
off the bell and went out
some 200 250 reais
But I did not want to because I wanted this
good bill divide utah could not have
been much cheaper than left there
today 's off the campaign touches also
stay close to the norteshopping team
I also leave the linck there and I will not
show you now how the
rope or here on top of the dresser I
I came back some things know the perfumes
here ring that jewelry here is the door
opening that I showed in the video of
I bought it so it hung like that.
I also put this boat here that I
I put the bows inside and there in the first
drawer
I wanted something so good due to give
plus a closet even and she has these
what I can vote for
I want're
I bought it here, I put on a watch necklace.
brace these things and in the other
drawers and normal clothes're short're
then that's it
well these are my decorating tips
why are these things and so opened gave
much more room space because a
cabinet or bay here with 50 centimeters
and it has expanded greatly with the
commander opened then and beyond
saving is primary all over here with
enough look to put clothes out
636 is already
I never had a closet the 636 is already
was very good and so everyone who
is coming here know the new house is
liked one guy saying that magnifying
quite the room that was different
It looks like a shop because I can
see everything I have so I loved the
The way I did it is to leave the link
all stores
I stopped on the blog's in the next blog post I
I hope you liked the tip
and until the next days
bye